Doc: Remove warnings of textlint (#804)
algolia/docsearch: docs/README.md

later).

The script compares the date of the last commit in `./docs` with the date of the

> last deploy. If there is not any new commits, it will stop. Otherwise, it will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
last deploy. If there are no new commits, it will stop. Otherwise, it will
```

Any new Pull Request to the documentation will trigger a deploy preview build.

Netlify runs `./scripts/netlify-deploy-preview` on each new PR (check
`netlify.toml` for details).

> This script will first check if PR changes anything to the `./docs` subfolder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will first check if the PR changes anything to the `./docs` subfolder.
```

If PR doesn't change anything, it will not generate the preview (this will make
processing time faster).

> Whenever the preview is ready, Algobot ads a meassage to the PR, along with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever the preview is ready, Algobot adds a message to the PR, along with the
```

> link to the preview. This is a Netlify UI settings in _Build and Deploy > Deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
link to the preview. This is a Netlify UI setting in _Build and Deploy > Deploy
```

### HTML

It transforms every Markdown files situated in `./src` into `.html` files in
`./dist`. It wrapps them into the layout defined in their front-matter.

> It converts every headers to their respective `<hX>` tag, along with a unique

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It converts every header to their respective `<hX>` tag, along with a unique
```
